# Linh Nguyen
## Homework_C#_01

1. What is a console app? 

	An application that runs in a Command Prompt window. 


2. List two differences between .NET Framework and .Net Core 

	You use the .NET Core template for building portable applications that can also run on other operating systems, such as Linux. However, .NET Core applications do not provide the range of features available to the complete .NET Framework. 

3. What does Main () (the main method) do in a console application? 

	Main method designated the program's entry point. 

4. Describe these three files : TextHello.sln, TextHello.xsproj, and AssemblyInfo.cs. 

	TestHello.sln (Solution "TestHello") is the top-level solution file. TestHello.csproj (TestHello) is the C# project file. AssemblyInfo.cs is a special file that you can use to add attributes to a program. 

5. What is the purpose of a namespace? 

	Creating a container for items such as classes, so two classes with the same name will not be confused with each other if they live in different namespaces.  

6. Describe specially what using statements do. 

	Enable you to bring a class into scope and omit the class name when accessing static members.  Import namespace so when you use a name the computer will know where to find the object. 

7. What is the entry point for console app? What is the entry point for a UWP app? 

	Main method designate the entry point for console app, App.xaml.cs file provides the entry point for UWP. 

8. What is an assembly? 

	Is a partially compiled code library, and the file usually has the .dll file name extension.  

9. How many different versions of the WriteLine () method does the Console class contain? 

	19 different versions 

10. What is the relationship between an assembly and a namespace? 

	A single assembly can contain classes defined in many namespaces, and a single namespace can span multiple assemblies. They have no relationship with each other. 

11. What is a graphical app? 

	Enable you to create apps that function on any device that runs Windows.  

12. What does Build do? 

	Compiles code files that have changed.  

13. What is bytecode? What is Microsoft CIL? Do you think that CIL is bytecode? Why or why not? 

   Bytecode is a code that is compiled into low level code for software interpreter. Microsoft CIL is a set of instructions that are generated by the source code. They are the same, since both act as an instruction on how to execute the software.           

14. What does Debug do? 

	Report any mistakes you have made in the Error List window. Debug run the program line by line and when you hit an error it stop.  

 